Minor fixes to Window Controls Overlay API (#30534)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/windowcontrolsoverlaygeometrychangeevent/windowcontrolsoverlaygeometrychangeevent/index.md

{{APIRef("Window Controls Overlay API")}}{{SeeCompatTable}}

> The **`WindowControlsOverlayGeometryChangeEvent()`** constructor returns a newly created {{domxref("WindowControlsOverlayGeometryChangeEvent")}}, representing the current geometry of a desktop Progressive Web App's title bar area.

Reviewer: NIT: _newly created_ really means _new_ that is easier to understand.
```suggestion
The **`WindowControlsOverlayGeometryChangeEvent()`** constructor returns a new {{domxref("WindowControlsOverlayGeometryChangeEvent")}} object, representing the current geometry of a desktop Progressive Web App's title bar area.
```

  - : A string indicating the event type. It is case-sensitive and browsers set it to `geometrychange`.
- `options`
  - : An object with the following properties:
    - `visible` {{optional_inline}}

>       - : A boolean flag that's true when the `titlebarAreaRect` object's values are not 0, defaults to `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - : A boolean flag that's true when the `titlebarAreaRect` object's values are not 0. Its default value is `false`.
```
